Texts (v3)
GET
https://www.sefaria.org/api/v3/texts/{tref}
The most up-to-date way to retrieve texts from Sefaria via the API, with enhanced control over language, language direction, and other parameters.

LOG IN TO SEE FULL REQUEST HISTORY
TIME	STATUS	USER AGENT	
Make a request to see history.
PATH PARAMS
tref
string
required
A Sefaria-specific reference, Ref. This should be a segment Ref (the most specific reference possible), or bottom level section Ref (i.e. a section of text on level up, a section is an array of segments). If a Ref is passed in which is not a segment level or a bottom level section, the response will be to the first bottom level section Ref (e.g. Genesis will resolve to the bottom level section Ref of Genesis 1)
QUERY PARAMS
version
string
There are two possible forms for the string passed as the version:

language
language|versionTitle
When in the form of language, the primary version of that language is returned in the versions field of the response object. When in the form of language>|<versionTitle, only that specific version is returned in the versions field.

Notes:

language is the full English name of the language. In cases of dialectics with varying sub-specifities, please pass the ‘mother’ language (so for example, arabic rather than judeo-arabic). This field is NOT case sensitive.
versionTitle is the exact English versionTitle of the given version in the Sefaria database.
When only language is passed, the response will return a single version of the text in that language, the one that is highest priority in the Sefaria database.
Requests can have more than one version param. If no version was passed, the API defaults to version=primary.
Special Values
The following values can be passed in as special values to the version parameter.

source: When version=source is passed, it retrieves the text in its "source" language (i.e. the original language the text was written in, versus a translation).
translation: When version=translationis passed, it retrieves a translation of the text.
primary: When version=primary is passed, it retrieves the primary text as per the Sefaria database (i.e. the isPrimary field on the version in the database is set to True). Usually the text returned is identical to what is returned with the special value of source, but it can also include other languages (e.g. Hebrew for the Kuzari, which was originally written in Judeo-Arabic)
all: get all texts in the required language.
If a required version is missing that information will be under the field warnings of the response.
fill_in_missing_segments
string
This parameter is only relevant for cases where the requested text is incomplete (i.e. not all of the segments in the requested version exist in the database for that text, such as a partial translation).

When fill_in_missing_segments=1, the segments of text that are missing in the requested version will be filled by other versions of the same language.

This value defaults to 0.

return_format
string
Defaults to default
This parameter formats the text that will be returned from the v3 texts/ API. It can have one of four values:

text_only - This strips footnotes, inline references and all html tags from the returned text
strip_only_footnotes - This only strips the footnotes and commentator tags without stripping the other HTML tags.This is useful for the native app, where we do not display footnotes.
wrap_all_entities - This wraps the HTML for links and topic links
default - This returns the basic text as it’s saved in Sefaria’s DB